Design Decisions:

1. Speed for different terrains:
    The season "Summer" has different terrains with varying speed according to ease of walkability.
    For example, easy walkable terrains like Paved Road, Open Land have speeds of 2.8, while difficult to walk paths like
    Rough Meadow, Slow run forest have been given smaller speeds of 0.8.
    Taking different seasons into account, the speed of Easy movement forest has been reduced in Fall season due to falling
    leaves, and speed for other terrains have not changed/
    For winter, a new code for frozen water has been added, giving it a speed of 2.5, while other speed remain unchanged.
    For spring, a new code for mud has been added, giving it a speed of 0.7, while other speed remain the same.

2. Cost and Heuristic Functions:
    Cost function takes into account the change in x and y values as well as the change in elevation from one point to another.
    Since the change in elevation also affects the speed of a person going up steeper hill, this change has been reflected by taking the
    difference in elevation value for elevations. To account for a person going uphill or down hill, the speed has been further multiplied by a constant factor.

    Heuristic function is the ideal function going from one point to another based on the shortest path, while considering an easy walkable terrain
    like Paved road or Open Land and no change in elevations. Taking these factors into account, heuristic function returns the displacement between the current node and the destination
    divided by the speed of an ideal terrain (considering the ideal terrain to be an open land here).

    The total cost function takes into account the cost of current node from source + heuristic estimation of current node to the destination.

3. Considerations for Seasonal algorithms:
    Common consideration:
        Out of bounds terrain is not considered to be walkable in any season.
        BFS has been applied to find out the pixels to be colored around the water edges for Winter and Spring season respectively.
    1. Summer:
        Considering summer to be the ideal scenario, where all the terrains except Impassible Vegetation and Water have considered to be walkable.

    2. Fall:
        For fall, since there might be leaves fallen on the gorund, one might have difficulty walking on the "Easy Movement forest terrain".
        Taking this into account, the speed for the said terrain has been removed, leaving others unchanged.

    3. Winter:
        7 pixels around the water edges are considered as walkable (marking it with a different color than water),
        considering the water has frozen around the edges and a person can walk on the same.

    4. Spring:
        15 pixels away from the water edges are considered as non-walkable(marking it with a dark brown color),
        considering a person cannot walk on the muddy grounds.
